feat(cognito): add analyticsConfiguration to UserPoolClient (#32862)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/aws-cdk-lib/aws-cognito/README.md

  groupName: 'another-group-name'
});
```

### Analytics Configuration

User pool clients can be configured with Amazon Pinpoint analytics to collect user activity metrics. This integration enables you to track user engagement and campaign effectiveness.

📝 Note: Amazon Pinpoint isn't available in all AWS Regions. For a list of available Regions, see [Amazon Cognito and Amazon Pinpoint Region availability](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cognito/latest/developerguide/cognito-user-pools-pinpoint-integration.html#cognito-user-pools-find-region-mappings).

The following example shows how to configure analytics for a user pool client:

> #### When specifying an Application ARN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### When specifying a Pinpoint application from the same account
```
Can you please update the [table of contents](https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk/blob/main/packages/aws-cdk-lib/aws-cognito/README.md#table-of-contents) as well?

Author: https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk/pull/32862/commits/713b85aa8a9f761f43a771141a9b51a047c713ee

⬇️ commit  for add table of comments 

https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk/pull/32862/commits/7c87bce4c9e8fd56cb41de46918ebe66dd7e6f8d

If you specify the `application` property, do not specify the `applicationId`, `externalId`, or `roleArn` properties.

```ts
import * as pinpoint from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-pinpoint';

declare const userPool: cognito.UserPool;
declare const pinpointApp: pinpoint.CfnApp;
declare const pinpointRole: iam.Role;

new cognito.UserPoolClient(this, 'Client', {
  userPool,
  analytics: {

>     // The ARN of your Pinpoint project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Your Pinpoint project
```

Author: https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk/pull/32862/commits/bd7a9a70e16a94f70ee16811c2a9d654e20a2161

    application: pinpointApp,

    // Whether to include user data in analytics events
    shareUserData: true,
  },
});
```

> #### When specifying an Application ID, External ID, and Role ARN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### When specifying a Pinpoint application from a different account
```

declare const pinpointApp: pinpoint.CfnApp;
declare const pinpointRole: iam.Role;

new cognito.UserPoolClient(this, 'Client', {
  userPool,
  analytics: {
    // Your Pinpoint project
    application: pinpointApp,

    // Whether to include user data in analytics events
    shareUserData: true,
  },
});
```

#### When specifying a Pinpoint application from a different account

If you specify the `applicationId`, `externalId`, or `roleArn` properties, do not specify the `application` property.  
(In this case, the `applicationId`, `externalId`, and `roleArn` must all be specified.)

Those three attributes are for the cases when Cognito user pool need to be connected to Pinpoint app in other account.

```ts
import * as pinpoint from 'aws-cdk-lib/aws-pinpoint';

declare const userPool: cognito.UserPool;
declare const pinpointApp: pinpoint.CfnApp;
declare const pinpointRole: iam.Role;

new cognito.UserPoolClient(this, 'Client', {
  userPool,
  analytics: {
    // Your Pinpoint project ID
    applicationId: pinpointApp.ref,

    // External ID for the IAM role
    externalId: "sample-external-id",

    // IAM role that Cognito can assume to publish to Pinpoint

>     role: pinpointRole,

Author: The following document describes the externalId in more detail:
https://aws.amazon.com/jp/blogs/security/how-to-use-external-id-when-granting-access-to-your-aws-resources/

Based on this content, I understood the difference and relationship between roleArn and externalId as follows:

The `externalId` and `role` serve different but complementary security purposes:

1. `role` (RoleArn):
   - This is the IAM role that Cognito assumes to get permission to send data to Pinpoint
   - Defines what actions Cognito can perform on Pinpoint

2. `externalId`:
   > At a high level, the external ID is a piece of data that can be passed to the AssumeRole API of the Security Token Service (STS).

   > The primary function of the external ID is to address the confused deputy problem.

   As the document explains:
   > It also provides a way for the account owner to permit the role to be assumed only under specific circumstances.

Source: [How to Use External ID When Granting Access to Your AWS Resources](https://aws.amazon.com/jp/blogs/security/how-to-use-external-id-when-granting-access-to-your-aws-resources/)

>     role: pinpointRole,

Reviewer 2: Thank you for the explanation!
